Data sourced from Reddit.
Subreddit Name	Comment	Sentiment
investing	I (like many others) am bullish on NVIDIA and have a risky strategy in mind involving borrowing on margin and I would like to know if it all makes sense the way I’m picturing it in my head.	positive
investing	What is biggest risks to Yield Max ETF?	neutral
investing	EPD to NVDA??? Would you sell EPD and invest the money in NVDA?	neutral
investing	Investment versus rent-what would you do ? 	neutral
investing	Interested in thoughts on five to ten year retirement plan	neutral
investing	Compliments for QQQM and VTI	neutral
investing	TMNT not Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles	neutral
investing	Just sold my first option	neutral
investing	Investing in 50-60 holdings, thinking i may cut it down to 10-12 and just go balls deep in those	negative
investing	Current analyst ratings of the 10 biggest US stocks	neutral
investing	Anyone else seeing these daily ~5% aftermarket flash drops in Big Tech? Insider or whale selloff?	negative
investing	Could the AI bubble end up looking like MSFT after the dotcom bubble?	neutral
investing	Using nvda shares to Pay off mortgages. good or bad ideas? 	neutral
stocks	Palo Networks After Crowdstrike Tech Outage?	neutral
stocks	Why are people so confident about upcoming NVDA August earnings?	positive
stocks	Wheeling stocks $NDVA $GME $DJT $AVGO and option play on $PFE and thoughts on future plays. 	neutral
stocks	Trying to recoup my $75k losses has made me emotional, so I am sincerely asking for your help moving forward.	negative
stocks	These are the stocks on my watchlist (7/18) 	neutral
stocks	What are you eyeing up given this selloff?	neutral
stocks	These are the stocks on my watchlist (7/17)  	neutral
stocks	Beware- Safeguards and Disabling Margin on Schwab DO NOT WORK. 	neutral
stocks	Recent Intel Gaming Chips have >50% Failure Rate	negative
stocks	Anyone else having this problem?	neutral
stocks	Is Reddit the Perfect stock? 	neutral
stocks	These are the stocks on my watchlist (7/12) 	neutral
stocks	NVDA.NE just went from 120 CAD to 30 CAD. Anyone know the reasoning?	neutral
stocks	Can someone explain to me Nancy Pelosi's AVGO position?	neutral
stocks	What needs to happen for Pelosi’s calls to print?	neutral
stocks	MSFT and AAPL are overvalued and overbought, Wallstreet is expecting too much from AI. 	negative
NVIDIA	Game Ready & Studio Driver 560.70 FAQ/Discussion	neutral
